121 - Code style adjustments and refactoring (#128)
GispoCoding/eis_toolkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

and committing the new version of the particular file into your feature
branch. Please note that this file is only used for GitHub workflows, otherwise
we utilize poetry for dependency  handling.

## Recent changes

> Some changes have been made to the style guide:

Reviewer: I think all the conventions applied in this pull request could be mentioned, i.e.

```suggestion
Some changes have been made to the style guide:
- Use `numbers.Number` as the type when both floats and integers are accepted by functions:
```python
from numbers import Number

def func(int_or_float: Number):
    ...
```
```

- Write comments to exceptions:
```python
raise InvalidParameterValueException(f"Window size is too small: {height}, {width}.")
```

> - Use beartype's decorator for automatic function argument type checking:
> ```python
> from beartype import beartype
> 
> @beartype
> def my_function(parameter_1: float, parameter_2: bool):
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use beartype's decorator for automatic function argument type checking and import types from `beartype.typing` if a warning is raised by beartype on imports from `typing`:
```python
from beartype import beartype
from beartype.typing import Sequence

@beartype
def my_function(parameter_1: float, parameter_2: bool, parameter_seq: Sequence):
```
```
